I got that
that is insane
he's fighting with the fish mano on mano
he has it he did he does peaceful item
right in the lookout for sharks
I got that that's amazing
that was a fight
hey did he stab him did you stab him he
you've had to subdue me I had a comb his
hair and the fucker would stop Mexican
stuff haha did you try the pepper spray
or the mace
a sharp rap to the head sometimes the
freight
I got it right here we go yeah I got by
a video camera it's in my bag wow what a
fuck can you grab my gun oh my God look
at this bitch this tablet so listen
Tommy right there watch oh my god did
you get the tailor shop wow man hey man
that was unbelievable so I'm gonna hear
by the rule we get out of this water Wow
rhinestone watch that here look at this
get a picture of this ribbon is
shuttling junkie huh how is that who I
smaller one more time one more time
all right this kick my ass boys I'm
going to try to cross this line 20 house
after logo is bro I just got my first
Toronto what's today the sixth of August
yeah boys videotape high five boys mark
you are wild man yes my goal was to get
my first durata my first yellow tail I
got a boat this year within three days
five complete wow wow wow whoever wants
to go in through everyone yeah I am